docs: Add Incremental Build Vitepress docs (#1404)
SAP/ui5-tooling: internal/documentation/docs/pages/Builder.md

    text-decoration: inherit;
}
</style>

## Build Cache Control

The UI5 Builder integrates **build caches**. Instead of rebuilding everything from scratch, the UI5 Builder tracks which resources have changed and which build tasks need to be re-executed:

You can control the build cache behavior using the `--cache` option:

- `--cache Default` (default): Use the cache if available, create it if missing
- `--cache Force`: Only use the cache; fail if the cache is unavailable or invalid
- `--cache ReadOnly`: Use existing cache but don't update it (useful for CI/CD)
- `--cache Off`: Disable caching entirely and always perform a full rebuild

Example:
```sh
ui5 build --cache Off
```

> In this scenario, when a source file change is made, always perform a full rebuild (even if this source version already existed sometime ago).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, when a source file is changed, always perform a full rebuild, even if this source version existed previously.
```

::: info
By default, the build cache is stored inside UI5 CLI's Data Dir (`~/.ui5/buildCache/`). You can customize the location (see [Changing UI5 CLI's Data Directory](./Troubleshooting#changing-ui5-cli-s-data-directory)).
:::

::: info

> Build caches created by `ui5 build` and `ui5 serve` are **separate and cannot be mixed**. Each command maintains its own cache optimized for its specific use case. For more details on server caching, see the [UI5 Server documentation](./Server.md).

Reviewer 2: This is currently true, but only because `build` and `serve` use a different set of tasks (`serve` passes `excludedTasks: ["minify", "generateLibraryPreload", "generateComponentPreload", "generateBundle"]`), so the existing cache is not re-used. If both use the same set of tasks, the cache is shared, as they both use the same build process under the hood.

Author: Done
